chore: Use index instead of identifier for cursor navigation (#2194)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/9.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

> **Note:** You will manually need to set `mode` to `alert` if your `Toast` conveys urgent and
> important information such as an error.

---

### Collection

> Navigation was updated to use numberical indexes instead of string ids. The `model.state.cursorId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigation was updated to use numerical indexes instead of string `id`s. The `model.state.cursorId`
```

Author: Also, I guess my spell checker doesn't work on MDX files?

Reviewer: can't believe you've made me correct your english

is left unchanged. The change is to support virtual lists where navigation knows where it needs to

> go, but the id may not be loaded yet. The mechanism for navigating is private and should not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go, but the `id` may not be loaded yet. The mechanism for navigating is private and should not
```
